

Overview 

The file contains the software requirements. 

Functional Requirement

1.Filesystem Requirements 

FR1: The system shall create and provide access to database in local storage. 

FR2: The system shall enable the user to access all of their files through the graphical user interface (GUI). 


FR4: The system shall direct the user to the proper function to edit files based on the file type. 

FR5: The system shall display files and directories in cascading dropdown menus based on the overarching directories. 

FR: The system shall display versions.  
FR6: The system shall display file contents upon file click. 

FR7: The system shall allow users to delete files. 

FR8: The system shall only allow the user to select a table before displaying any files or directories. 








2.Scheduling Requirements 

FR8: The system shall allow the user to schedule events in a specific or recurring manner. 

FR9: The system shall allow users to update and remove events made. 

FR10: The system shall remind the user of their scheduled events an hour before the scheduled time if desired. 

FR11: The system shall provide a calendar view to visualize future commitments. 

FR12: The system shall convert local time to UTC for storage. 

FR13: The system shall convert UTC to local time upon display if necessary. 


3.Recording Requirements 

FR14: The system shall allow the user to create a user interface with a specific directory, filename, and date/time. 

FR15: The system shall allow the user to load previous user interfaces of a specific directory and filename to edit. 

FR16: The system shall allow the user to add buttons , multiple choice questions, text input  boxes and large text input boxes with a specified label to display. 

FR17: The system shall automatically add an end date/time element. 

FR18: The system shall save the UI with the user specified directory and filename, and the current date/time. 

FR19: The system shall allow the user to open a specified directory and filename user interface for recording. 



4.Calendar Requirements

FR20: The system shall allow the user to choose the range of dates displayed. 

FR21: The system shall display all scheduled events. 

FR22: The system shall allow the user to edit scheduled and past events by opening the file in its associated function upon clicking edit. 

FR23: The system shall allow the user to remove scheduled and past events upon clicking "Delete". 



5.Main Menu Requirements

FR24: The system shall allow the user to open the file system, clock in, record, quick note, calendar, and schedule interfaces.

FR25: The system shall display today's, weekly, monthly, and annual calendar. 

FR26: The system shall display quick notes. 

FR27: The system shall allow the user to directly clock out of events clocked into. 

FR28: The system shall allow the user to resolve quick notes.  




6.Login Requirements

FR29: The system shall allow the user to provide a username and password. 

FR30: The system shall allow login upon correct combination of username and password. 

FR31: The system shall allow the user to create an account with a unique username and password. 



